---
title: The List
authors: akecskes
tags: [pm-tools, project management]
---

### Big name clients do not a big name PM tool make

Large companies like Disney, Intel, Google, and so on are often show on a PM tool's list of clients. Take this with a grain of salt. While a department or two (or a dozen) might be using the software, the entire company is likely not using the software. The software is simply another tool to them. Don't equate quality with the size of the company using it.

For reference, as of the date of these, here's a list of PM tools I found on the Internet. Not all of these are purely PM tools. Many are hybrids, focusing on other activities, but are often found associated with PM software.

Asana |
Azendoo |
Backlog |
Basecamp |
Beebusy |
Beekeeper |
Bitrix24 |
Blink |
Brightpod |
Celoxis |
Clarizen |
ClickUp |
Clubhouse |
Communifire |
Confluence |
ConnecTeam |
Drinkle |
Favro |
Flow |
Flowlu |
FogBugz |
Freedcamp |
FunctionFox |
GanttPRO |
GoToMeeting |
Google Workspace |
Hibox |
Hitask |
Hive |
Holaspirit |
HoneyBook |
IDoneThis |
Infinity |
Jira |
KanbanFlow |
Kanbanize |
Kintone
Kipwise |
Kissflow |
Lavagna |
LiquidPlanner |
Lumeer |
MeisterTask |
Microsoft Teams |
Monday.com |
Monitask |
nTask |
Neetrix |
Notion |
Nrby |
OpenProject |
Ora |
Orangescrum |
OurPeople |
Paymo |
PivotalTracker |
Podio |
ProProfs Project |
ProWorkFlow |
Profit.co |
Project Central |
ProjectManger |
Projectplace |
ProofHub |
QuickBase |
Quip |
Quire |
Range |
Redbooth |
Redmine |
Replicon |
RingCentral |
Scoro |
Slack |
Smartsheet |
SoapBox |
SpiraPlan |
Taiga |
TaskRow |
Taskque |
Taskworld |
TeamGannt |
TeamWork |
Teamweek |
Things |
TickTick |
TimeHero |
Todoist |
Toggl Plan |
Toodledo |
Trello |
Trillian |
Twist |
UpWave |
Wimi |
WorkFront |
WorkflowMax |
Wrike |
Yodiz |
YouTrack |
Zoho Projects |
Zoho Springs
